---
layout: post
title: "Day 4"
date: 2024-11-15
---

# Day 4

## What I did today
Cleaned the apartment - had to be done :) 

### Make Course
Did the "basics" part of the courses. They introduced 
- Webhooks 
- Functions
- Collections of data
- Aggregation Functions 
The platform is really cool i tink for various automations on a simple level.
However the deeper the courses go its clear that it has many more possibilities. 
Tomorrow intermediate functionality ..

### Check latest deals
Checked the latest deals but I think I need to start to actually take note of all the important facts.
Just scrolling through I kind of look at the same ones again and again and its more of a "feeling".

### Acquire Model 3
Did not finish the whole thing. They introduced a lot of financial metrics. So I find that I have to simplify and really internalize those.
They introduced 
- Buy vs Build analysis to judge a price 
- Research other sales and multiples to see if it would make sense
- Advanced deal analysis using cash flow metrics like IRR, Dollar Gains, Cash Multiple and Return Profile

Dollar Gains
"How much extra money did I make?"

Cash Multiple
"How many times did I multiply my money?"

IRR (Internal Rate of Return)
"What's my yearly growth rate?"

Return Profile
"When did the money come back?"

### YPSI
Finished the remaining course material / refreshed. Topics 6 factors for success as a personal trainer and also peri workout nutrition.
- Importance of decision frameworks for coaches (supplementation, periodization, neurotransmitters, skinfolds, gut cleansing)
- Different business models for personal trainers
- Growth Mindset (Dr. Carol Dweck)
- How to keep track of progress for your clients and also communicate different forms of progress

## What didn't get done 