---
layout: post
title: "Day 2"
date: 2024-11-13
---

# Day 2
Spent half the day waiting in a government office so got a late start to the day.

## Acquire.com
I worked on the first part of the Acquire.com course by Ryan Culp today and got some nice insights on when to buy with when to build yourself. 
Defined an investment thesis including a problem statement and a solution offering which basically says what is the unique problem that we encountered and what is the unique solution that we can offer as a founder.
It also defined what is a high leverage activity, basically showing an example from Uber and how the first angel investors basically invested like five figures, like 5K, 10K, and got out like multiple hundreds of millions at this point. Yeah, without really putting in any work, they basically just put their money to work.
> "The entrepreneur shifts economic resources out of an area of lower and into an are of higher productivity and greater yield."

## GenAI Launchpad
Mostly played around with the playground just to see how the call actually works understanding the concept that they build of pipelines where you basically define multiple steps of LLM calls triggered by a certain event where they take the event from Fast API and then you basically register pipelines that the program goes through step-by-step and yeah I also looked into the deeper workings of the code basically to understand which patterns did they use and how could yeah how could we basically use that in future projects .

## Hardware Hacker
This is still a to do so I'll update the summary tomorrow I guess 

## Freelance Work
In the morning I already completed the freelance work. It was basically about the invoicing system. We wanted to actually complete invoices. So far they were still in this accounting system, they were still saved as a draft. So I had to figure out how to use this external API to actually complete invoices right when we create them. So later when they want to run an export, there is actually like valid documents and not drafts and also build a script that will do this for like the whole history of our invoices. So basically we had to iterate over all the customers and get all the open draft invoices and go over them and complete all these invoices. So that's also done. 

## YPSI
YPSI is the personal coaching certification that I've done around two years ago. They've released actually for the very first module that is about how you start coaching clients from like the first till the fifth appointment maybe and what you should keep in mind and they recently released a new like online online part of the resources. I went to the in-person workshop two years ago but like as a nice refresher it was cool to go into it again and reiterate on like all the different appointments that you have with the client in the first few weeks and yeah also got me some nice ideas for an app that I could potentially.

It also triggered me to redo the Braverman test. I've done it also like two years ago. It's basically a neurotransmitter test where you can identify current imbalances in your neurotransmitter profile and then apply supplementation based on that. So yeah, I'm going to do the retest also today. 

## What didn't get done 
All done ⭐